Be sure to have Tomcat installed and ready to go in Eclipse as a server. If you do not, please ask me for questions, or look on YouTube. There are very helpful YouTube videos.

Note: I only got the browser to run correctly. I can't deploy other resources, but I will post separate instructions for that when I figure that out.

IMPORTANT: If you have any other Apache processes running, please end those processes or you WILL get an error saying Port 8080 is in use.

1. Import "npctest" into Eclipse. For some reason, I could not just import it from a Git repository in Eclipse so I had to go to command prompt:
git clone https://github.com/GazelleUASoftEng/npctest.git
And then manually import an "Existing Maven Projects" >> "/npctest/pom.xml".

2. Right click on the "test" project in Project Explorer.

3. In the side bar, select "Targeted Runtimes" and check Apache Tomcat. Click on "Apply".

4. At this point, you'll see there are no compile errors, but there are warnings due some unused imports. I went ahead and deleted them because I think they're unnecessary.

5. Right click on the "test" project again.

6. In the side bar, select "Project Facets".

7. Make sure "Dynamic Web Module", "Java", "JavaScript", and "JAX-RS (REST Web Services)" are selected.

8. Click "Apply".

9. In the side bar, go to "Java Build Path".

10. This is weird, but it works for me. But REMOVE "JRE System Library".

11. Then, click on "Add Library...".

12. Select "JRE System Library".

13. Select "Workspace default JRE" and then click "Finish".

14. Within the same tab, select "Source" from your current tab (which is "Libraries"), and remove "test/test".

15. Click on "Apply" and then "Ok".

16. Right click on the "test" project in the Project Explorer, go down to "Run As" >> "Run on Server". 

17. It should pop up something like a browser within Eclipse with a HTTP Status 404 - Not Found.

18. In the URL where it says: http://localhost:8080/test, change it to http://localhost:8080/test/product/test.

19. You should get the number 4! And you have successfully set up the server-side API!

20. Now, I don't know know what to do with it, so talk to Dr. Phillips. :D Please let me know if you come across any problems because most likely, I came across them too.
